##KABUKAYO##

1. Background and purpose of the research
In recent years, there has been a growing interest in using natural language processing (NLP) technology to analyze the sentiment of posts on social networking services (SNS) and to predict market movements. In Japan, the number of retail traders (individuals who trade stocks without going through a brokerage firm) has been increasing rapidly against the backdrop of the economic recession. According to data from the Financial Services Agency, the number of individual investors in Japan reached a record 10.8 million in 2020, up nearly 50% from the previous year. Many of these people do not have the same knowledge or information access as professional traders. Therefore, we propose a system that predicts the movement of the U.S. stock market using NLP-based sentiment analysis from posts on the social networking platform called reddit. With the benefit of this tool, those who are new to retail trading can make more accessible investment decisions.
2. System configuration
First, as shown in Figure 1, we collected a large amount of data on postings to various U.S. stock-related subreddits and their corresponding stock market data. This dataset consists of about 30,000 web-scraped posts from reddit, covering a period of about 10 months. We then apply NLP techniques to extract relevant features from the text and use the VADER model, a widely used tool for analyzing textual sentiment in social networking sites, as an NLP analyzer. Then, signals which indicate positive or negative tendencies generated by VADER are used to perform trading activities following a specific algorithm.
3. Simulation results
In order to evaluate the performance of this system, a back-test analysis was conducted on the impact of various factors on the performance of the model, such as the choice of subreddits, trading day gap configurations, and specific stocks to be analyzed such as Apple, Amazon, Meta, and Twitter stocks. A number of results were achieved depending on these factors and the method of implementation strategy. The results showed that if the correct strategy is followed, our system is effective in generating profits larger than passive trading, as shown in Figure 2.
4. Summary
This system demonstrates the potential of using NLP sentiment analysis of reddit posts to provide more efficient and effective information about U.S. market trends to novice stock traders. In addition, by understanding what U.S. traders are discussing, the system can assist them in making effective investment decisions based on large amounts of information. In the future, we plan to expand this system to other SNSs and study various applications of sentiment analysis in the FX and crypto currency markets.
